We are always looking for movitated postdocs in the following areas.

1. Computational Biology and Bioinformatics
-------------------------------------------

An ideal candidate should obtain Ph.D. in bioinformatics/computer
science/physics, be highly motivated and have strong programming skills.
Extensive knowledge and experience with contemporary computational biology
is required. Expertise in machine learning algorithms such as Bayesian
network and hidden Markov model is highly recommended.

The postdoc is expected to be responsible for organizing and analyzing
in-house epigenomic (histone modification and DNA methylation) and genomic
data (ChIP-seq, digital expression profiling) generated by the next
generation sequencing technology. He/she will also develop methods to
integrate multiple sources of data to understand the mechanisms of
transcriptional regulation and reconstruct transcriptional networks in
human embryonic stem cells.

2. Computational Biophysics/Chemistry
-------------------------------------

An ideal candidate should obtain Ph.D. in computational
chemistry/biophysics/biology, be highly motivated and have extensive
experience with computer modeling such as molecular dynamics simulation,
free energy calculation, force field development, homology modeling,
entropy calculation and drug design. Solid background in physics and
statistics is required. Proficient programming skills are essential.
Experience with AMBER is a plus.

Our group is interested in predicting protein binding specificity,
understanding the underlying mechanisms and ultimately deciphering the
protein recognition code. We are particularly interested in
protein-peptide interactions and how to design potent drugs to combat
resistance. We have taken interdisciplinary approaches that combine
computer modeling and bioinformatics analysis to predict the binding
specificity of modular domains. We have also applied the similar
approaches to predicting mutations of the HIV-1 protease that cause drug
resistance. The postdoc is expected to be responsible for developing new
computational methods to tackle these challenging problems.

3. Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
-------------------------------------

An ideal candidate should obtain Ph.D. in biochemistry/molecular biology,
be highly motivated and have extensive experience with protein
purification, protein binding assays, such as peptide array, protein
array, biacore.

The postdoc is expected to be responsible for conducting in vitro and in
vivo experiments to determine protein binding specificity. There will be a
close collaboration with computational biologists in the group to
integrate experimental and computational analyses for determining and
manipulating protein-peptide and protein-ligand interactions.

**Interested applicants should send CV and statement of research to
wei-wang@ucsd.edu. Please also arrange three letters of recommendation
sent directly to the above email address.**
